bpo-35588: Speed up mod, divmod and floordiv operations for Fraction type (#11322)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2018-12-26-10-55-59.bpo-35588.PSR6Ez.rst

> Mod, divmod and floordiv operations on :class:`fractions.Fraction` types are 2-4x faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The floor division and modulo operations and the :func:`divmod` function on :class:`fractions.Fraction` types are 2--4x faster.
```

>  The floor division and modulo operations and the :func:`divmod` function on :class:`fractions.Fraction` types are 2--4x faster.

Reviewer: Leading spaces are redundant (GitHub glitch?).

Author: Removed.
